Adds commands to restart services (#42)
nautobot/nautobot-plugin-welcome-wizard: README.md

- `enable_devicetype-library`: If enabled the [device type](https://github.com/netbox-community/devicetype-library) git repository will be automatically added for you.

> After updating nautobot_config.py, you will need to run `nautobot-server migrate` and then reload the nautobot service and the nautobot-worker service as shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After updating nautobot_config.py, you will need to run `nautobot-server post_upgrade` and then reload the nautobot service and the nautobot-worker service as shown below.
```

### Final Configuration Steps

After installing the plugin and modifying `nautobot_config.py`, as the `nautobot` user, run the server migration:

```no-highlight

> $ nautobot-server migrate

Reviewer: We should standardize on running `nautobot-server post_upgrade` (which includes `migrate`, `collectstatic`, and several others that are generally good practice to run after upgrading or installing a plugin).

Reviewer 2: That is a good idea. We should add that to the Nautobot docs as well.  I got bit by missing 'collectstatic' in another plugin.

Reviewer: I'm actually working on a pretty substantial update to the core plugin docs as part of https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/13 - we should also make sure that we update all of our existing plugins' individual documentation as well though, agreed.

Author: Sounds good, I will update to this. I was copying what had been done previously on the Device Onboarding.

```

Finally, as root, restart Nautobot and the Nautobot worker.

```no-highlight
$ sudo systemctl restart nautobot nautobot-worker
```

## Upgrades

> When a new release comes out it may be necessary to run a migration of the database to account for any changes in the data models used by this plugin. Execute the command `nautobot-server migrate` from the Nautobot install `nautobot/` directory after updating the package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When upgrading to a new version of this plugin, it may be necessary to run database migrations, copy new static files, and so forth. These will all be handled by executing the command `nautobot-server post_upgrade` from the Nautobot install `nautobot/` directory after updating the plugin package.
```
